if you want to master LinkedIn ads this
year to scale pipeline reach and revenue
you are in for a treat because in this
video I'm going to walk you through
three free LinkedIn ads courses that you
can take designed for B2B SAS to get
LinkedIn to work for your startup so if
you go to adcon conversion.com you can
join for free all these courses are free
and once you navigate here to the
courses section and you click view
courses you're going to see here we have
three courses for you so we've got B2B
LinkedIn ads 101 this course will teach
you everything you know as a beginner to
get started with LinkedIn ads to set up
your first campaign so for example if we
just go to the uh course page here you
can see it's jam-packed we've got uh
four different modules module one will
give you foundations of LinkedIn ads
kind of give you your little crash
course module two you'll learn
everything around measurement and
conversion tracking module three will
teach you about targeting and how to
build your audiences to reach your dream
buyers module four we'll dive deeper
into ads and then finally in module 5
we'll go through actually planning and
launching your perfect campaign each one
of our LinkedIn ads courses is to by
yonberg Becker if you're not familiar
with him he is an absolute LinkedIn ads
Maestro uh he's got over $25 million in
LinkedIn ads spend under his management
he's scaled and doubled pipeline for
Brands like cognism and hockey stack
he's a very well-known person in the B2B
space in terms of LinkedIn ads so you
couldn't ask for somebody better in
LinkedIn ads 102 uh yonberg is going to
teach you how to now optimize your
campaigns now that it's it's live so now
this is a little bit more intermediate
so showing you okay how do you now make
your campaigns profitable right like how
do you go about monitoring performance
optimizing making those Nuance changes
so for example in module one this is all
around like monitoring how to spot
performance Trends in module two yber
will walk you through auditing and how
to actually audit your account and find
the things that you need to deal with
module 3 is all around reporting he'll
show you how to actually take the data
from LinkedIn and then build uh a
dashboard in Google Sheets or looker and
then in module 4 he goes deep into
optimization and how to actually make
your LinkedIn ads profitable but wait
there's more if that wasn't already
enough and it's crazy I know like if
you're thinking like how are these
courses are free it's like all of our
courses out conversion like our goal is
to become the go-to destination in the
world to learn how to run ads from
qualified people and not get ripped off
in the process so uh all of our courses
are literally free we don't make money
selling courses at all uh we do have a
community that you can join after going
through the courses if want to ask
questions you know get feedback and
things like that but all of the courses
are free and in the last one here in
LinkedIn ads 103 this is where yonberg
will now teach you the advanced stuff
around scaling and what he has learned
through that $25 million in ad spend in
his testing so for example in module one
he'll go over the concepts of scaling
something that most people kind of miss
and how to think about scaling on
LinkedIn and then in module two he'll
talk about how to actually divide and
conquer your account from a scaling
perspective and then in finally in
module three he'll go over some of his
learnings from experiments that he's ran
at some hypergrowth companies he's been
at around actually uh you know scaling
your campaigns even further so you could
not ask for a better resource if you
want to learn how to run LinkedIn ads
every one of our courses in ad
conversion no lesson is longer than 10
minutes this is by Design so there's
zero fluff action-packed uh as you can
tell uh the duration on these courses is
not very long like LinkedIn ads 103 is
an hour and 24 minutes of like pure no
fluff just straight value uh LinkedIn
ads 101 which is one of the bigger
courses this one is 2 hours and 6
minutes like we avoid 15 20 hour courses
of just crap like it's no less than
longer than 10 minutes so it's so
action-packed that you can get what you
need to get and you can go about your
life and start implementing the changes
and as you can see all of our courses
are jam-packed with resources so you can
see we got six resources in this course
just again show you what it looks like
when you're actually in the LMS you can
see uh all of the courses are super high
quality you know we we produce these in
the studio and we really try to give you
like something that you would pay
thousands of dollars for naturally we
want to give it to you for free because
again like our mission our vision with
ad conversion is to become the go-to
place in the world to learn to run ads
because like when I was learning to run
ads when yber was learning to run ads
and all of our instructors it was a
freaking mission right and like trying
to learn how to run ads for B2B
specifically is even worse because all
the courses out there are just geared to
E Commerce or small business or you just
learning from people who like they have
big followings but they don't actually
know what they're talking about so um
anyways it is true it is believable
that's like the number one re ejection
we get people just think it's too good
to be true like what's the catch there
is no catch like it's free you can sign
up for yourself it takes less than 90
seconds you can see the quality here is
incredible like we really spare no
expense uh every one of these courses
has an accompanying workbook and then
there's templates and resources that you
can do so you can put all this into to
practice so I hope you can feel my
passion in this video I'm so excited
about these LinkedIn ATS courses this
has definitely been one that's like been
on a road map highly requested people
really wanted this content and I'm super
happy and proud of like how the courses
came out and how we'll continue to make
them better over time based on your
feedback so again if you want to access
to these courses conversion.com I'll
link in the description box down below
and I'm super excited to see you here
taking our content and hearing from you
and if you do want to take it a step
further and join our community would
love to have you but I'll see you on the
other side